Wizeline transforms how teams build technology. Its customers accelerate the delivery of innovative products with proven solutions, which combine Wizeline’s intelligent product strategy and roadmapping software with full-stack, agile development services. With decades of experience building disruptive technology in the heart of Silicon Valley, Wizeline’s team shares a proven track record of enabling companies to achieve breakthrough results with software and services.
Wizeline is using artificial intelligence and machine learning to build chatbots for companies. We work with the latest tools and platforms released by Facebook, Google and Amazon to build products that deliver significant value to our enterprise customers. Our engineers develop cutting edge technology and gain direct experience with business applications emerging in important markets like media and finance.
Customers of Wizeline include some of the fastest-growing software companies, as well as many of the world’s most established brands, including News Corp, Yahoo!, Sparkcentral, Nuance and many others. The company is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Guadalajara, Mexico. For more information, please visit www.wizeline.com.
At Wizeline, we prioritize growth opportunities for our employees. As part of a rapidly growing team, Wizeliners have opportunities to move into senior roles and/or learn about the different areas of the business; management, client-facing and team-lead roles have often been filled internally by top-performing and motivated employees. We have twice yearly promotion cycles and hold monthly peer-nominated awards that give recognition and cash bonuses to deserving recipients. Wizeline has also launched a global work abroad program, which supports employees who want to visit another office (San Francisco, Guadalajara or Ho Chi Minh City) for six months. If you want to work at a company building impactful technology for the next generation of software products and services, apply to Wizeline! www.wizeline.com/careers
